and then staff MTur pleasure for those who do not
You know me I am dc Felipe and structure
of today and is teaching you to
you reset in the cost a binary
Beauty is for serving this cost
binary he is an accountant that samsung
put our appliances on as soon as
you install a frog
there is no customized 1 to 1 cost on foot in
show there by odin né via odin is starts to
counting how many languages ​​installed
install an 11 to 11 custom edited one
street vendor installed vengeance
This is what good people have to do
this binary cost he is following the
from the moment it starts
counting your cell phone
loses beauty guarantee is an example
do you know that street that street in rafael
barros that is a deck that is in the channel
always when we talk about her she does not
is walking the way money is for
the dim then from the moment that the
It's the people who cost it.
beauty is how can you see to send to
You're not in that street for three
times to show you here
how can you see the environmental and
It is tri chaos beauty three company accounts
3 times
the bad is is that street it costs the world
rafael barros
from the moment you have so you
lose the guarantee him so today I go
to teach you to reject this
hard finger what a beauty this cost one
binary beauty is for you guys is
two here beauty
the first hit clockwork rec 5,830 and
point and
is reserve team bi Cauter Beauty
these two files store this
file will be just below this one.
beauty video I'll leave them guys
I feel ok I ask you to download this
file I ask that you do not modify
Nothing, I just ask that you
download it and copy and paste it to your sd
card beauty how can you see I'm going
say to you could show here is
that I'm going to show you now how
You see fit on your cell phone.
the binary contest is already counted
initiated the nobility
I think you turn off the phone and
Let's enter the hall of the beauty world.
I would like to see there, I did this
tutorial here is only by pros samsung
galaxy and that gts 5.830 version and for
m version for these three versions ok I
I ask that you are not in the
samsung galaxy s version nor in any other
phone because if you talk
You're going to damage your cell phone and I
I am not responsible for the damage that
You're going to cause me beauty cell phone.
I'm using my samsung galaxy esse
gts 5.830 beauty also works
progression and go to mm beauty version
So we'll turn off the phone and let's go.
enter download mode beauty for whom
do not know how the property load is just you
press the volume key more
just press the volume key - and
last press the power key beauty
pressing the volume key more
pressing the volume key - and
pressing the power company key
press the three keys
A soon followed this image will appear
that we will click with the button cake and more
And how can you see here for you to check in?
Your going to see if you if the accountant
binary and it started the best I'm at
33 muscle he has done three times
that street so badly on a curve 1 beauty
So let's see what this hard finger is.
cost in beauty is and that you do this
process the fact what I 'm doing
now why the sunny day case
defect and you will go on the assistance
technique and they see here that the
of the torque has started
you lose the guarantee at the time of ale
At the time, beauty, I hope to help.
pretty person beauty is if you know
a full partner who are samsung
galaxy version severson and / or m version is
pass this tutorial is for him beauty
It's up to them to share this tutorial.
Kiss to be able to help.
several users beauty that I am
doing here that I want to help both
you
and as for the other beauty then let's go
turn off cellular again
Okay, just press the power key.
and we will get into one of the resource for whom
Do not know how you are in the cube model.
question until she volleyed more after the
home button and last paulo key and
beauty the volume button plus the home button
and lastly the power key beauty
let's wait ready let's drop the
keys can summer 16 version c is soon in
then go straight to the pro eye
so turn up the volume more we
we can sail up until she
volume - we can look down
with the volume key - we will navigate to the
worry about you from sd card and click the
home key and we will click on clockwork
requiem 5.830 and point and zippy we apply
the home key where you can see there
We install the rec collector fashion beauty and
now with the home button even though
zipfel but we click the home key
click gentiles ys cord xylose prom e is
card that sings the home key and cuts
that ball and we're going to stay in
reserve tibi cauter gts comil 30cm
click on the home key and we will
navigate to install on reset in syrup and
click the ready home button
We ask only one little problem.
by clicking the home button or by clicking
on the sensitive screen to go back and let's
put here on a rebound signal after
explain chicken I ask you guys
press the home key more and press
the bull key and less beauty
so let him resign let's press the
home key plus is the volume key - let's
press the key
jawad is how the download let's stick with
the volume key more and how can you
see ready we reset the counter
binary travel can cost here
environmental node
zero chaos beauty customer well samsung
official ready gallery after if when
Are you in that street, Rafael?
process here in this video that will never
no one will know that you spoke to
Costs 1 is ethical beauty I always do
This, then, I 'm always jumping and
rock is then the chickens and spezzato
You beauty, a big hug to you.
I hope you like it and see you next time.
of the hug